Add Acl plugin to the Readme (#42)
aurora-is-near/near-plugins: README.md

To upgrade the contract first call `up_stage_code` passing the binary as first argument serialized as borsh. Then call `up_deploy_code`.
This functions must be called from the owner.

### [AccessControllable](/near-plugins/src/access_controllable.rs)

> Enables role based access control for contract methods. A method with restricted access can only be called _successfully_ by accounts that have been granted one of the whitelisted roles. If a restricted method is called by an account with insufficient permissions it panics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables role-based access control for contract methods. A method with restricted access can only be called _successfully_ by accounts that have been granted one of the whitelisted roles. If a restricted method is called by an account with insufficient permissions, it panics.
```

pub enum Role {
    SkipperByOne,
    SkipperByAny,
    Resetter,
}

#[access_control(role_type(Role))]
#[near_bindgen]
#[derive(BorshDeserialize, BorshSerialize, PanicOnDefault)]
pub struct Contract {
    counter: u64,
}

#[near_bindgen]
impl Counter {
    /// Setup access control in the constructor.
    #[init]
    pub fn new() -> Self {
        let contract = Self {
            counter: 0,
            __acl: Default::default(), // initialize state
        };

        // Add a super admin.
        near_sdk::require!(
            contract.acl_init_super_admin(near_sdk::env::predecessor_account_id()),
            "Failed to initialize super admin",
        );

        // Add an admin. This is possible since the contract was just made a
        // super admin.
        near_sdk::require!(
            Some(true) == contract.acl_add_admin(Role::SkipperByOne.into(), admin_account_id),
            "Failed to add admin",
        );

        // Grant a role. Also possible since the contract is super admin.
        near_sdk::require!(
            Some(true) == contract.acl_grant_role(Role::SkpperByAny.into(), grantee_account_id),
            "Failed to grant role",

>         );

Reviewer: I think it's worth adding variables for `admin_account_id` and `grantee_account_id` just to show that these are user-defined.

E.g.:
```rust
// Define the account you would like to be an admin
let skipper_by_one_admin_account_id: AccountId = "alice.near".parse().unwrap();
```

It's also worth adding a comment for the "add an admin" part that we are adding an admin just for the specific role. Even though it's mentioned before that admins and super-admins are different in the ACL hierarchy, I don't think the comment would be redundant.

    }

    /// This method has no access control. Anyone can call it successfully.
    pub fn increase(&mut self) {
       self.counter += 1; 
    }

>     /// Only an account which was granted any of the whitelisted roles may
>     /// successfully call this method.

Reviewer: There's also a third role that exists, so "any of the whitelisted roles" could be confusing. It's better to explain roles for the example explicitly.
```suggestion
    /// Only an account that was granted either `SkipperByOne` or `SkipperByAny` roles may
    /// successfully call this method.
```

The sets of accounts that are (super) admins and grantees are stored in the contract's state.

```rust
/// Roles are represented by enum variants.
/// 
/// Deriving `AccessControlRole` ensures `Role` can be used in
/// `AccessControllable`.
#[derive(AccessControlRole, Deserialize, Serialize, Copy, Clone)]
#[serde(crate = "near_sdk::serde")]
pub enum Role {
    SkipperByOne,
    SkipperByAny,
    Resetter,
}

#[access_control(role_type(Role))]
#[near_bindgen]
#[derive(BorshDeserialize, BorshSerialize, PanicOnDefault)]
pub struct Contract {
    counter: u64,
}

#[near_bindgen]
impl Counter {
    /// Setup access control in the constructor.
    #[init]
    pub fn new() -> Self {
        let contract = Self {
            counter: 0,
            // Initialize `AccessControllable` plugin state.
            __acl: Default::default(),
        };

        // Add the contract itself as super admin.
        near_sdk::require!(
            contract.acl_init_super_admin(near_sdk::env::predecessor_account_id()),
            "Failed to initialize super admin",
        );

>         // Specify an account to be added as admin for a specifc role.

Reviewer: A small typo
```suggestion
        // Specify an account to be added as admin for a specific role.
```
